Position Description

Position Title: Python Developer

Tasks and responsibilities

The candidate will participate in the various stages of software development for complex web applications
The candidate will participate in the development of the solution (design, ideation, technological choices ...)
The candidate will work in an Agile environment.
The candidate will be responsible for the stability and performance of the application

Qualifications/Skills Required:

Practical experience in web backend development for at least 5 years
Expertise in several of the technologies listed below:
Python (required)
Java
Spring / Spring Boot
REST
SQL
Object-oriented design
Good verbal and written communication
Strong tolerance to ambiguity
Problem solving technique
Familiarity with Unix-based systems
Functional knowledge of French and English

Preferred Competencies:

Diploma in Computer Science (College or University)
Asset:
Docker
Kubernetes / OpenShift
Vue.js, Angular or React
HTML5, CSS3, GIT, Webpack, NPM

Your future duties and responsibilities

Required Qualifications To Be Successful In This Role

Insights you can act on

While technology is at the heart of our clients’ digital transformation, we understand that people are at the heart of business success.

When you join CGI, you become a trusted advisor, collaborating with colleagues and clients to bring forward actionable insights that deliver meaningful and sustainable outcomes. We call our employees "members" because they are CGI shareholders and owners and owners who enjoy working and growing together to build a company we are proud of. This has been our Dream since 1976, and it has brought us to where we are today — one of the world’s largest independent providers of IT and business consulting services.

At CGI, we recognize the richness that diversity brings. We strive to create a work culture where all belong and collaborate with clients in building more inclusive communities. As an equal-opportunity employer, we want to empower all our members to succeed and grow. If you require an accommodation at any point during the recruitment process, please let us know. We will be happy to assist.

Ready to become part of our success story? Join CGI — where your ideas and actions make a difference.
